Copyright (C) 2016 Bernat Zaragoza Travieso

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Financial support by the Austrian Federal Government (in particular from
Bundesministerium für Verkehr, Innovation und Technologie and
Bundesministerium für Wissenschaft, Forschung und Wirtschaft)
represented by Österreichische Forschungsförderungsgesellschaft mbH and
the Styrian and the Tyrolean Provincial Government, represented by
Steirische Wirtschaftsförderungsgesellschaft mbH and Standortagentur
Tirol, within the framework of the COMET Funding Programme is gratefully
acknowledged.

Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Austrian Federal
Government, the COMET Funding Programme or any of their representatives
shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use
or other dealings in this Software.

